2.	USING THE 1185 WORKSTATION62.1  Turning the 1185 OnThe rocker switch is located on the front of your processor, under the processor panel cover.  Put the rocker switch at the 1 position.  The display screen will be black with a bouncing white square.  This is known as the "base state."  You can now proceed to the next step, which is to boot the 1185.Note: Wait at least three minutes if you decide to turn the processor on after turning it off.The software delivered with your Xerox 1185 is bound into a runnable package called a boot file. The process of loading a boot file into the 1108 is called booting. Boot files may be booted from either the rigid disk or a floppy disk. Normally, the rigid disk is set up so that powering up the processor resumes the last Interlisp-D session. If the rigid disk has not been properly initialized, follow the procedures described in the section entitled Software Installation.Two types of booting are available on the Xerox 1108: normal booting and alternate booting. Normal booting assumes that Interlisp-D has been properly set up in a logical volume of the rigid disk. Alternate booting allows for booting of utility software from the rigid disk or a floppy disk.If Interlisp-D is properly installed, a normal boot is performed by pressing and releasing the B RESET (left) boot button. The Maintenance Panel will go blank and then display 8888 for a few seconds. A succession of maintenance panel codes will then be displayed during the booting sequence. Interlisp-D should be ready within about 10 seconds. If you ended a previous Interlisp-D session by logging out, a normal boot will resume that session. If you are running Interlisp-D for the first time, the most recently installed logical volume will be booted.To perform an alternate boot, press both B RESET and ALT B buttons, then let go of B RESET. The maintenance panel will go blank, show 8888, then cycle slowly and repeatedly through the sequence 0000, 0001, ..., 0010.  Release the ALT B button when the desired number is showing. The options are:0000 Boot Interlisp-D from a logical volume on the rigid disk. Usually, the logical volume selected will be the one containing the most recently used Interlisp-D system; i.e., if you terminate an Interlisp-D session with LOGOUT, then 0-boot will resume that session from where you left off. However, if the most recent activity was installing a fresh Interlisp-D system on a logical volume, 0-boot will boot from that logical volume. (Note, to boot Interlisp-D from any logical volume, use the Lisp System Tool.) 0001 Boot the 1108 into its base state. From this state it is possible to start utility programs such as diagnostics, or a tool to install and start Interlisp-D on different logical volumes.0002 Floppy boot (suppress diagnostics). Only specially configured Xerox floppies, such as Installation Utility, or Fixed Disk Diagnostics, may be booted this way. 0005 Floppy boot (with diagnostics). Only specially configured Xerox floppies, such as Fixed Disk Diagnostic, may be booted this way. 0010 Floppy disk drive head cleaning function (see below).1.	Make sure you are logged off and see the bouncing white square on your display.2.	Turn the rocker switch to the 0 position.This procedure allows the disk to spin down properly. The floppy disk drive is located on the front of the processor.To load a floppy disk:1.	Locate the floppy disk drive on your processor. If the door is not open, press the long, narrow bar (with the circle in the center) immediately below the drive.2.	Floppy disks normally are labeled to indicate which side should go in and which side should be facing up.3.	When the disk is fully into the drive, you will hear a click. When you release the disk, it will pop out if it was not fully into the drive.4.	Press down on the door firmly to close it.To Unload a floppy disk:1.	Make sure the red read/write light (circle in the center of the drive door bar) is not illuminated.2.	Press the drive door bar.3.	Remove the disk and store it in its jacket.When storing floppy disks, keep them away from magnets, dust, and heat. Do not bend them. Do not write on their labels with ball-point pens or pencils of any sort. Any of these actions could damage the disk and prevent successful use of it.To make sure the Xerox technical representative has enough room to access the display screen, position the display so that there is a total of 14 inches minimum on the sides. The processor should be positioned to provide access to  the  front  panel of the unit. You will need access to the front panel to load floppy disks turn the processor on and off, or boot the system. Make sure there is sufficient air movement around the processor, so it is not damaged by the heat it produces. The back of the processor must be at least 6 inches from the wall. If possible, provide enough space around the processor for servicing by the Xerox technical representative. An area 4 feet long by 6 feet wide, or an area that size in front of the processor so that it can be pulled out, is sufficient for servicing. The processor should be positioned in a permanent location. Bumping and jarring it hard enough, even when turned off, can destroy the magnetic heads or the media. If you must move the processor, take care not to suddenly jolt or bump it.Two serial ports are available: a standard RS232 port and a TTY port, labeled Printer/DTB. Xerox supplies a standard cable for the later; special cabling is required by the former, depending on the particular application. For a complete description of RS232 software support, please consult documentation for the RS232 Lisp Library package. Note: Wait at least three minutes if you decide to turn the processor on after turning it off.The software delivered with your Xerox 1185 is bound into a runnable package called a boot file. The process of loading a boot file into the 1108 is called booting. Boot files may be booted from either the rigid disk or a floppy disk. Normally, the rigid disk is set up so that powering up the processor resumes the last Interlisp-D session. If the rigid disk has not been properly initialized, follow the procedures described in the section entitled Software Installation.Two types of booting are available on the Xerox 1108: normal booting and alternate booting. Normal booting assumes that Interlisp-D has been properly set up in a logical volume of the rigid disk. Alternate booting allows for booting of utility software from the rigid disk or a floppy disk.If Interlisp-D is properly installed, a normal boot is performed by pressing and releasing the B RESET (left) boot button. The Maintenance Panel will go blank and then display 8888 for a few seconds. A succession of maintenance panel codes will then be displayed during the booting sequence. Interlisp-D should be ready within about 10 seconds. If you ended a previous Interlisp-D session by logging out, a normal boot will resume that session. If you are running Interlisp-D for the first time, the most recently installed logical volume will be booted.To perform an alternate boot, press both B RESET and ALT B buttons, then let go of B RESET. The maintenance panel will go blank, show 8888, then cycle slowly and repeatedly through the sequence 0000, 0001, ..., 0010.  Release the ALT B button when the desired number is showing. The options are:0000 Boot Interlisp-D from a logical volume on the rigid disk. Usually, the logical volume selected will be the one containing the most recently used Interlisp-D system; i.e., if you terminate an Interlisp-D session with LOGOUT, then 0-boot will resume that session from where you left off. However, if the most recent activity was installing a fresh Interlisp-D system on a logical volume, 0-boot will boot from that logical volume. (Note, to boot Interlisp-D from any logical volume, use the Lisp System Tool.) 0001 Boot the 1108 into its base state. From this state it is possible to start utility programs such as diagnostics, or a tool to install and start Interlisp-D on different logical volumes.0002 Floppy boot (suppress diagnostics). Only specially configured Xerox floppies, such as Installation Utility, or Fixed Disk Diagnostics, may be booted this way. 0005 Floppy boot (with diagnostics). Only specially configured Xerox floppies, such as Fixed Disk Diagnostic, may be booted this way. 0010 Floppy disk drive head cleaning function (see below).1.	Make sure you are logged off and see the bouncing white square on your display.2.	Turn the rocker switch to the 0 position.This procedure allows the disk to spin down properly. ?Once a month, or after every twentieth time that you use the floppy disk drive, you should clean the floppy disk drive heads.If the magnetic heads are not kept clean, they can accumulate deposits that will cause scratching and erasure of data on the disks while reading and writing.Use the following procedure to clean the floppy disk drive heads with a Xerox head cleaning kit:1.	Remove the cleaning disk from its white jacket.2.	If you are using a disk that has not been used before, remove the perforated tab from the black disk jacket.3.	Turn the head cleaning disk over and dispense about l/2 teaspoon of the disk cleaning solution over the large cutout area.4.	Insert the head cleaning disk into the floppy disk drive with the perforated tab facing upward.5.	Do a 10-boot.6.	When the maintenance panel displays 0076, press the ALT B button. 0077 will be displayed for about 15 seconds while the drive is being cleaned, then 0076 will be displayed once again.?7.	Press the floppy disk drive latch and remove the head-cleaning disk.Place an X in the appropriate usage box on the disk.  When the disk has been used 13 times, it should be discarded.NOTEHead cleaning can also be performed by running diagnostics from the base state, selecting Floppy Disk Drive, and then selecting Clean Heads. Explicit prompting is supplied by the Clean Heads command.Brush or wipe the dust from the surface of the plastic mouse pad, since dust can interfere with the ball bearings of the two-button mouse, and the lens of the three-button mouse. Move the mouse in circles on the mouse pad and check the movement of the cursor on the display screen to make sure it is operating smoothly. If you see any hesitation in the movement of the cursor or feel the ball bearings rubbing (two-button mouse), it should be cleaned by a Xerox technical representative.Lightly wipe your display screen with a damp cloth or spray it with window cleaner. CAUTION: do not allow any liquid to drip down into the housing around the screen.Brush off the keyboard to keep dust from building up under the keys.?Problem: The display is black, with no bouncing white square.1.	Check the intensity lever to see if it is pulled all the way toward you.2.	Check to make sure the processor is plugged in.3.	Check to make sure the processor is turned on.4.	Do a 5-boot from the Fixed Disk Diagnostic.5.	Note the Maintenance Panel code if the diagnostics fail and report this to your site's designated System Administrator, or the Xerox service representative.Problem: The cursor will not move.1.	Make sure the ball bearings of the two-button mouse are moving freely by moving  the mouse in circles on the plastic pad.2.	Make sure the two-button mouse is on the special plastic pad or other nonslip surface. The three-button mouse must be on its special optical paper (grey-colored with small, hexagonal pattern.)3.	Make sure the thin cable is attached securely to the mouse and the keyboard.4.	Check the Maintenance Panel code for reporting the problem to your site's designated Principal User, or the Xerox service representative.?The Interlisp-D support team is committed to providing full support services to the entire Interlisp-D user community. Users are encouraged to report problems with the system, errors in the documentation, and their general observations. Messages may be sent to us in several ways:At most Interlisp-D sites, there is one person designated as the Interlisp-D System Administrator, typically an experienced user. If the System Administrator is not able to help you with your problem, he or she should be able to contact the Interlisp-D support team for you.Users with access to the ARPANET are encouraged to send mail to our net address:1100Support@XEROXUsers without ARPANET sponsorship should call (818) 351-2351 ext. 2222 collect or write to:1100 SupportXerox Special Information Systems250 North Halstead StreetPasadena, CA  91109?(This page intentionally left blank)       Ì Ìø        ø                                                       MODERN         1(DEFAULTFONT 1 (GACHA 10) (GACHA 8) (TERMINAL 8)) 
                          HRULE.GETFN                                                                                 .                          _                         1                         	L                                       `                         Ò      1€ &z¹