When the Xerox 1108 is in the base state (a bouncing white square on a dark background), the Lisp SystemTools,  Profile Tool and  Diagnostics can be invoked and the Lisp Volume can be booted. Base state is entered by doing a 1-boot. If the bouncing white square does not appear, make sure you have correctly preloaded the software, as described in Installing Utility Software on the SystemTools Volume.Each of these tools displays its own window, containing parameters and commands. These are selected with the left mouse button. Parameter menus are available in some cases, and they may be selected by pressing either both mouse buttons on a two-button mouse, or using the middle mouse button on a three-button mouse. Hereafter, parameter selection will be referred to as being available through the middle mouse button. The Delete and Next function keys may be used in the Lisp System Tool and Profile Tool windows.The Profile Tool enables the user to select a number of default parameters to be used when installing fresh Interlisp-D sysouts from a FileServer. The defaults will appear in the Lisp System Tool Window (see below), and may be changed there if necessary.Summary:	.	To activate the tool, click middle mouse button	.	Select the parameters you wish to set or change	.	Select Set Profile! command	.	Confirm the mouse icon (left button is positive confirmation; others are negative confirmation)	.	Select Quit!Details:The Profile window is divided into the following regions:	.	A herald name, consisting of the version date and time for the Profile Tool	.	A two-line message sub-window, which is blank	.	A parameter sub-window	.	A command sub-window	.	A file sub-window for messages?XSIS:XEROX:Profile Tool of 21-Jan-85  13:58?User:	Your NS/Pup registered user name.Password:	Associated with registered name for login. It is not necessary to supply the password in the profile tool, it may be entered in the System Tool Window. If a pass-word is supplied it is stored on the disk in an unencryped form.Domain:	Name defined in your Xerox NS Clearinghouse database.Organization:	Name defined in your Xerox NS Clearinghouse database.If you do not run an NS Clearinghouse, the Domain and Organization names may be names of your choice.Device:	Selects the type of device on which the Lisp sysout file is stored. The choices are IFS (Interim File Server), FS (Network System) and FLOPPY.NSLisp:	Complete pathway filename of the Lisp sysout file to be retrieved from an NS type FileServer.PUPLisp:	Complete pathway filename of the Lisp sysout file to be retrieved from a PUP type FileServer.FloppyLisp:	The filename on the floppy diskettes from which the Lisp Sysout file is to be loaded.?The tool window is divided into the following regions:	.	A herald name, consisting of date and time for this version of the Lisp System Tools	.	A five-line message sub-window, which is blank when the tool is first invoked	.	A parameter sub-window 	.	A command sub-window	.	A file sub-window for messages relevant to the command selected?XSIS:XEROX:Lisp SystemTools of 21-Jan-85  14:04?The defaults from the Profile Tool will appear in the Device, File, User, Password, Domain and Organization fields. To override a default, point to the parameter name and click the right mouse button. Then type in the new parameter value.Using the middle mouse button on Volume changes the direction of the arrow to horizontal, and pops up a menu of values which may be selected. Note: LispFiles volume will not appear in the Volume menu once an Interlisp-D file directory is stored on the volume.Using the middle mouse button on any of the parameters also changes the shape of the arrow to horizontal, and reveals the Window Manager, which may be used to move the Lisp System Tools window.Document:	Used in conjunction with the Help! command. The General document displays the write-up of the Lisp System Tool. The ErrorMsg document displays the meanings of the error messages you may en-counter when selecting a command, in the file subwindow. The file sub-window may be scrolled on the left hand side.Device:	Selects the file to be installed from the group specified in the Profile Tool.  For example, if IFS is chosen, then the file specified under PupLisp:  in the Profile window is selected.File:	Complete path name of the Lisp sysout file to be retrieved from the File Server. The syntax of the complete path name depends on the particular file system on your host machine.?For example, on a Xerox IFS the path name looks like[Host]<Directory>SubDirectory>FileName.ext!version.  A typical example would be [Rosebowl]<Lisp>Fugue>Lisp.sysoutOn a Xerox product (NS) file server the path name looks like[Host:Domain:Organization]<Directory>SubDirectory>FileName.ext!version. A typical example would be [Phylex:XSIS North:Xerox]<Demo>Demo.sysout An equivalent but shorter way would be [Phylex:]<Demo>Demo.sysout if the domain and organization parameters are set appropriatelyOn a Unix file server the path name looks like[host]</directory>subdirectory/>/Filename.extA typical example would be [safe]</a/lisp/fugue4/>/lisp.sysoutOn a VAX?VMS file server the path name looks like[Host]<Directory.SubDirectory>FileName.ext;version.  A typical example would be [Taos]<DEIProd.Prior>Lisp.sysOn a DEC?2060 TOPS?20 file server, the path name looks like[Host]<Directory.SubDirectory>FileName.Sys.version.A typical example would be [Sumex-2060]<Dolphin.Fugue6.BetaTest>Lisp.sysout.?The server, domain and organization naming convention restricts these to alphanumerics plus the following special characters: " ? : # SP (SPACE).  The first character must be a letter,  or else the error message "scan error on Server:Domain:Organization" will be posted.Volume Menu:	The menu selections available with the middle button pop-up menu are determined when your system is partitioned. The volume named Lisp is the default value for this field.  Note:  LispFiles will not appear in the Volume menu once an Interlisp?D file directory is stored on the volume.Max VMem Size:	Shows    the    total    number    of (Pages) 	pages (1 page = 512 bytes) allocated for Interlisp's virtual memory on the logical volume named by the Volume para-meter.Vmem Size:	Shows the actual size in pages of the Lisp virtual memory on the logical volume named by the Volume parameter.  This number should be the same as returned by the function VMEMSIZE just prior to logging out of Interlisp.Volume Size:	Shows the size of the logical volume specified by the Volume parameter.Free Pages:	Shows the available number of pages on the logical volume specified by the Volume para-meter.User:	NS/Pup registered user name.Password:	Associated with registered name for login.Domain:	Name defined in your Clearing-house database.Organization:	Name defined in your Clearing-house database.If you do not run an NS Clearinghouse, the Domain and Organization names may be names of your choice.Install File!:	Installs the remote file named in the File parameter to the volume named in the Volume para-meter. A confirming mouse icon will appear in the file subwindow with the name of the volume to which the file will be installed. After the file transfer has been started, it can be aborted with the STOP key.Boot!:	Boots the volume specified by the Volume parameter. There is a confirming mouse icon for this command.Set Max VMem!:	Varies the maximum size of Interlisp's virtual memory on the logical volume specified by the Volume parameter. This com-mand should only be used to shrink Max Vmem size tempo-rarily in order to create scratch space for the floppy Duplicate! command described below. When duplication is completed the Max Vmem Size should be again expanded. Note: Shrinking and expanding the Max Vmem back to its original size may result in the loss of a few disk pages due to fragmentation.Erase!:	Erases the contents of the logical volume specified by the Volume parameter. Erase! should never be used on the LispFiles volume where user files are stored.  (The ERASE LispFiles option of Installation Utility menu should be used for this purpose. See Section 3 on the File System for details.) There is a confirming mouse icon for this command.Floppy!:	Floppy disk utility.  Brings up a subwindow with several options.Info!:	Displays floppy name, single or double density, single or double sided, number of free pages and largest free block.List!:	Lists files as called for in Pattern field.  The wildcards * and # are supported here.Format!:	Formats the Floppy specified in the FloppyName field.Duplicate!:	Duplicates a Floppy.  This com-mand will only work if there is a rigid disk volume available with at least 2250 free pages.Quit!:	Back to Main Window.Make Script!:	Provides a method for setting up your own customized disk parti-tioning.  This command brings up another window which allows you to enter the volume names and sizes. This must be used with great care because it is possible to specify a partition that will not work. You can choose up to a total of 9 volumes of either LISP or LispFiles.    Read     the    subsection 	"CREATING NON-STANDARD PAR-TITIONS" in section 4, SOFTWARE INSTALLATION carefully before using this command.	Make Script! rewrites a file on the Installation Utility floppy.  We strongly suggest you duplicate this floppy before executing the Make Script! command.  You may use the floppy disk utility described above for this purpose.	To enter your partition, first point the mouse to the DiskType cor-responding to the size of your local rigid disk and press the left button.  The number of FreePages are now displayed and will be decreased as you add volumes.  To add a volume simply type in the Volume name (LISP,LISP2,LISP3, LISPFILES or any names). Then type in the number of pages allo-cated to that volume.  Repeat this until you have allocated the entire disk to your satisfaction, point the cursor to Make Script! and press the left button. If you have not allocated all the FreePages the last volume will be automatically expanded to fill the disk.	You have now added an entry to the menu that appears when you boot the Installation Utility floppy. In order to actually repar-tition the rigid disk, you must do a 2-boot on the Installation Utility floppy and select the "USER SPECIFIED PARTITION" option in the Installation menu.  (See Software Installation Chapter.)?Scavenge!:	Scavenges selected volume and produces MSScavenge.log file in that volume. There is a confirming mouse icon for this command. The file sub-window message is:Volume = LispnScavenging...doneVolume repaired, file log completeN files on volumeNo problems foundCopy VMem!:	Cross-copies the virtual memory from one logical volume (Source) to another logical volume (Destination). This command does not copy the entire contents of the logical volume, but only the number of pages specified by the VMem Size parameter of the source volume.  The Copy VMem! command pops up its own window explained below.Details:The Copy VMem Option window is divided into the following regions:	.	A herald name consisting of Copy VMem Option date and time of creation 	.	A two line message sub-window, which is blank when first invoked	.	A parameter sub-window for Source and Destination volume names	.	A command sub-window for Start or Quit	.	A file sub-window for messages.?Lisp System Tool: Copy VMem Option?Source Volume:	The logical volume name (e.g., Lisp, Lisp2, Lisp3), from which the Lisp virtual memory will be copied.Dest.Volume:	The logical volume name (e.g., Lisp, Lisp2, Lisp3) to which the Lisp virtual memory will be copied. Start!:	Does the obvious. There is a confirming mouse icon for this command. When the virtual memory has been copied, the user can respond to the confirmation message to boot the Destination volume, or he can cancel the confirmation and Quit! Quit!:	Returns you to the bouncing white square.The programs for these tests are stored on the SystemTools Volume, and are accessible from the bouncing white square. These tests are for the Display, Keyboard, Echo Test (Ethernet), RS232 Loopback, Floppy Drive and Ethernet Stats.All of the tests are documented online through the Help! command.?Summary:	.	To activate, click the right mouse button from the bouncing white square	.	Select the test to be executed	.	Select the parameter(s) for the test	.	Select the Start! command	.	Or select Help! for documentationDetails:To read all of the documentation, you may find it convenient to use the middle mouse button to invoke the Window Manager, activate Zoom with the horizontal arrow, and then move the top line of the file sub-window upward by using the left mouse button positioning the cursor on the box on the right hand side of this line. ?Diagnostics? Type of test to be executed:	Display, Keyboard, Echo, RS232 Loopback, Floppy Drive, Ethernet Stats.For details, please review the online documen-tation before starting these tests.Help!:	Used with parameter "None", displays the complete documentation on how to use the Diagnostics window, including the Window Manager. Used with one of the parameters, displays the complete documentation for that test.Start!	and or Cancel!: Start the test selected or quit the Diagnostics program.